I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy's Movie Camera!
Mr. Zebra, the postman, is
delivering a parcel
to Peppa's house.
Parcel for you, Mr. Pig!
Thank you, Mr. Zebra.
Goodbye!
Look! I just got a parcel in the post!
Can anyone guess What's inside?
Dine-Saw!
Oh, George! You always say
''dinosaur'' for everything!
The parcel
is far too small
to have a dinosaur inside!
Hmmm... I think it's
a... a new toy!
You're very close.
I know What it is!
Your new camera!
A new toy for Daddy Pig!
That's right!
It's a movie camera!
We can make movies With it
and Watch them on our television!
Can I use it first, Daddy?
It's a bit too
difficult for children to use.
Even I need to read the instructions!
Hmmm. It's a bit harder than I thought...
Suzy Sheep's mummy has
a movie camera.
She switches it on like this.
Oh. Well done, Peppa.
Beep! Beep! Thank you for purchasing
the movie 3000!
Beep! Beep! I am eager and ready
to shoot your first movie. Beep Beep!
ls there a Way to turn that voice off ?
Err. I'm not sure.
Beep! Beep!
Thank you for purchasing
the movie 3000!
Beep! Beep!
On Suzy's camera,
you just press this button
to stop it talking.
Beep! Beep!
Thank you for purchasing ....
Now it Won't talk anymore.
Well done, Peppa.
What shall I film first?
Film me!
Ok, Peppa!
Hello! I'm Peppa Pig!
Come on, everyone.
Again! Again!
Ok!
Hello! I'm Peppa Pig!
Again! Again!
Maybe We should
film something new!
I know! Daddy Pig
must leave the room
and We'll make a movie
to show him!
This Way.
Daddy Pig has to Wait
in the kitchen,
While Mummy Pig, Peppa and George
make a secret movie!
No peeking ,Daddy Pig!
We must all have to do something.
George? Do you Want to go first?
Are you ready?
Can I come in and
see the movie?
Finished! You can come in now!
George has made a movie
and so has Peppa!
Let's see George's movie first!
Dine-saw.
Grrrrr!
George is pretending
to be a dinosaur.
Grrrrr!
That's a very scary dinosaur.
GRRrrrrrrRRRRRr!
Oh, dear, George is frightened!
Don't be frightened, George,
that's not a real dinosaur on Tv,
it's you!
Grrrrrrrrrr!
Dine-Saw!
Now, let's see Peppa's movie.
Who is that meant to be?
I am Daddy Pig!
I see.
My tummy is very big
because I eat a lot of cookies!
My tummy is not big!
But it is true that I like cookies.
And the more you eat,
the bigger your tummy gets!
Ok, What's next?
This is my sweet little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
This is me.
And this is the real Daddy Pig.